1. The DOM, the Document Object Model, is an application programming interface (API) that provides specification on how browsers should
model an HTML webpage and how the javascript should interact with the page (access and update) while it is live in the browser window. A DOM
tree is the model of a webpage the browser creates once it loads it. A DOM tree is stored in browser memory and has 4 main node types: 
document node (which is the page), element nodes (individual elements), attribute nodes (the attributes), text nodes (the text).
2. An XSS attack, or a cross-site scripting attack, is when a user adds malicious code to an input that will be generated as HTML. They
can occur when HTML can be added to a page through innerHTML or jQuery and a user writes malicious code (this can mean to steal information 
as well as for other purposes) in an input field that can then be executed on the browser whenever somebody views the page. This can be guarded
against by limiting what is treated as HTML (if input is treated as html user input can input harmful code the browser will execute), not always
showing user input, and validating the user input by filtering out tags, specific characters, etc. that can indicate malicious intent. 
3. Events are interactions that happen to HTML elements on the browser that then trigger code that can be reacted to. 
4. Event listeners are attached to HTML elements and wait ("listen") for a specific event on that element, such as click, form submit, keyboard press, etc. 
and then executes a callback function triggered by that event. It expects 2 parameters: the event and the function. 
5. jQuery is a lightweight javascript library that offers methods that can be called with single lines of code that can be used for common
tasks. It simplifies HTML, DOM manipulation, event handling, CSS animations, and Ajax making the process of creating a webpage much easier and quicker. 
You load jQuery onto a page using a cdn to access it externally in a script tag with a src attribute (usually in the head tag of the html) that looks like this: <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.7.1.min.js"></script>  