1. HTML stands for hypertext markup language and it is a markup programming language that defines the structure, design, and layout of text and images on a webpage.
2. CSS stands for cascading style sheets and aids in altering the layout/format and design of a webpage. It can be used to change features like margins, padding, font size and color, etc. 
3. On the page, Fordham has their news stories strutctured to make it clear what they are about. For example, 
the heading such as "The top 5 Things I Learned About Retail" is bigger than the other words to clarify the topic, 
and write under in smaller font is the description, which is still readable, but it is clear that's not what Fordham wants 
to pull your eyes to first. All photos on the page are also attached/right next to some words on the page so it makes it clear
that the photos are related to and descriptive of the text. Also, in the events section, they have different events in different boxes
and in chronological order which makes it easy to visualize when everything is happening, and especially relative to the other events.
4. HTML elements are the building blocks of webpages that are characters inside angled brackets that give the browser information on the content
of the page (i.e. headings, paragraphs, links, images, etc.). Elements also consist of tags and sometimes attributes. Tags are 
like containers that have an opening and closing portion (the closing tag includes a /) that transform the content enclosed in them when 
the html gets interpreted. Attributes consist of a name and a value and give extra information regarding the content of an element.
5. The two parts are a selector and a declaration
6. The cascading of rules has to do with understanding which rule takes precedence when two or more apply to the same element. 
For specificity, more specific selectors will take precedence over less specific ones (i.e. id over class). For inheritence, a parent's style is
inherited by the child unless a more specific style is applied. For last rule precedence, later declared styles take precedence over earlier ones. Lastly, 
the important keyword will give a style precedence over everything as it overrules other rules. 
7. src = "../images/pinecone.jpg"
8. To send the form to a specific URL and reload the page. 